GroupRecipes:
-------------

Public: Over forties male and females.

Twitter-related social network where an user has followers and is allowed to 
follow other people. Any use has the following information: Nickname, place 
of residence, user name (may be different to his nickname), bio and picture. 
Users can join to a group to talk about different kind of topics as if it was 
a forum. Any recipe has the following information: category, cooking method, 
non-limited tags, cuisine type, serves and time to make it. This website has no 
ads and provides users with a shopping list to save the ingredients that they 
have to buy.

Pros: This website has a nice and intuitive interface, a karma system for 
users and a graphic-based score system (likes and stars). It allows any user 
to upload a picture to any recipe even if it's not theirs and share preferences 
and favourites (by using bookmarks). They also can comment any recipe and score 
comments from other people. It provides a shopping list.

Cons: Classic signup form, not integrated with any social network. It has no 
integration with any other social network too.

BakeSpace:
----------

Public: 25 to 35 years old males and females.

Facebook-based social network where a user can share recipes with his friends. 
For any user, it has a lot of information and a picture. Any recipe has a picture, 
ingredients, steps to do it, personal notes and a tags-based category system. The 
singup register form is slow and it has technical problems even with the Facebook 
integration. Some adds in the site are spotted as harmful by antiviruses.

Pros: Recipes can be put together to make a "cookbook" and recipes can be shared 
in different social networks.

Cons: Users can't comment in recipes pages, it doesn't provide any kind of shopping 
list and it has an unsightly interface.

BigOven:
-------- 

Public: Shops and unknown-aged people.

Twitter-based social network where users follow each other. For any user it has a 
picture and a nickname. Same recipes template as the mentionated before and ordered 
by tags (categories are limited). For any recipe the information privded is: category, 
type of cuisine, cooking method and main ingredient. BigOven allows to score a 
indirectly by scoring their recipes o directly by using "medals". This site has adds 
in it.
 
Pros: Facebook-integrated signup in one click, advanced functionalities must be paid, 
it provides a shopping list, good and simple scores system. 

Cons: It has no integration with Twitter and the website has technical failures.

FoodPals: 
---------
Public: 30-50 years olds males and females.

Page focused on a specific audience and bases its operation on registered users display 
their recipes in order for someone to qualify.
User only an image and a name is displayed.
Scoring system based on stars.
We could say that the system of funding is through advertisers.

Pros: Has a forum where user can answers questions about the operation of the page. Has 
a system microblogs where each user exposes their interests. Integrates a video section.

Cons: Unintuitive, outdated model. It isn't focused on the social plane. Whenever we try 
to access any section always get a window to tell us that the browser is not optimized. 
Labeling system very simple and generic. The video section doesn't correspond to the page 
itself as they use this section to upload video content unrelated to the topic. In most 
recipes images not shown.

Nibbledish:
-----------
Public: 20-35 years old males and females.

The user has a large amount of information. The user has profile picture. For each recipe 
has a photo, ingredients, directives, ability to link blogs, notes and a category system 
based on tags.
Regarding the social aspect, showing the various users and the recipes made ??by each of 
them, each with its corresponding photo and description.
Scoring system based on likes (Facebook).
No advertising has even the places where they would have checked(Sponsored Links).
Visitor Tracking System: A user can follow a number of people to see your recipes.

Pros:Very colorful. Focused sight.Well presented photos recipes. Video system oriented 
cuisine. Large number of tags.

Cons: The RSS system isn't implemented correctly. Not integrated with twitter. Registration 
only by hand, doesn't  allow integration with other social networks.

Foodbuzz:
---------

Public: 20-35 years old.

As the application is integrated with social networks, very much users information is known. 
Each recipe has a photo, ingredients, directives, ability to print the recipe, in addition 
to a tag-based system categories.
The page is internally based on a blogging system, whereby each user has one and will be posting 
the its various recipes, always within the same blog.
About the social aspect, the page displays the various users and the recipes made ??by each of them, 
each with a photo collection, description and explanation of how to do it.
Scoring system based on likes, similar to Facebook.
Visitor Tracking System: A user can follow a number of people to see your prescriptions (Integration 
with social networks (Facebook, Twitter)).
Financing system based on advertisers.

Pros: The first things that users look are the images. Images are the principal focus to captain users. 
There are different sections of food based on the people affinities.

Cons: There are too much advertising due to some recipes redirect you to an online supermarket. More 
oriented to a journal rather than a page. The home page is a link to different blogs.
