MINUTES OF MEETING
------------------
Date:  February the 14th 2014
Place: room number 19 of CRAI Antonio de Ulloa

Meeting target: Define the scope of the Project, the work operative,
the business model and plan the next public presentation.

Participant / Role / Assistance (Yes/No)
----------------------------------------
Sergio García / Analist developer, leader and spokesperson / Yes
David González / Analist developer / Yes
Sergio Rodríguez / Analist developer, Coordinator / Yes
Juan Manuel López / Analist developer / Yes
Arturo Jiménez / Analist developer, Secretary / Yes
Antonio León / Analist developer / Yes
Rafael Vázquez / Analist developer / Yes

Meeting development:
--------------------
The meeting started at the agreed hour (16:00) with the designation 
of Sergio Rodríguez as coordinator and Arturo Jiménez as secretary. 
These two roles will be maintained in restant meetings.
The first issue was the work operative proposed by Sergio Rodríguez 
which was finally adopted by the team. The proposal consisted in the 
division of the team in three subgroups differentiated by work areas: 
the business area (led by Arturo Jiménez), the development area 
(led by Rafael Vázquez) and the management area (led by Sergio Rodríguez)
Later, the team reach an agreement about the application scope 
(including the business model to implant) to develop as well as the 
technologies that are going to be used.
The next issue was an overall cost estimation of the application and 
the structure of the next formal presentation that’s being performed on 
February 18th.
During the last hour, the team proposed solutions and answers to the 
different feedbacks received during the presentation performed on 
February 13th, made an outline of the planification for the first sprint 
and finally the name of the application was decided.

Agreements reached:
-------------------
-          Group division in subgroups differentiated by work areas, 
each one has a leader.
-          Technologies to use: Bugtrack, Django, MongoDB.
-          Business model defined.
-          Next presentation index: front, index, members and roles, 
work areas, idea & business, cost and planification.
-          Cost: 10 €/hour-technical.
-          Application name: EatHub.
